they read saucers fans thanks for all
your continued support today I'm proud
to introduce to you the result of two
years of research into a bigger and
better product the new 84 inch grade
saucers in this video I'm going to show
you the key features of the product and
how to install it as always our website
will contain all the specifications and
documentation if you have any further
questions prior to installation make
sure you have all the parts you should
have a roll of fabric eight poles a
steel plate and adapter and a bag of
hardware items you're also going to need
a phillips head screwdriver and an
adjustable wrench first add the pipes to
the plate using larger nuts and bolts
next add the pipe straps using the
smaller nuts and bolts the smaller nuts
and bolts that connect the pipe straps
to the metal plate can be installed
either from the top or from the bottom
complete the metal frame using the top
of the drum to rest the plate on while
each pole is installed
using the adjustable wrench and
screwdriver firmly secure each pipe
strap and pipe to the metal plate after
the frame is completed the hole in the
plate should be placed directly over the
two-inch NPS hole in your drummer tank
simply thread in the adapter and firmly
hand tighten
now lay out the fabric with the center
reinforcement facing downward toward the
barrel with the corners over the longer
poles attach the fabric to the poles
with the washers larger bolts and nuts
provided after attaching half of the
fabric insert the s hook wide side down
through the center hole
next thread the rain chain through the
eye bolt and attach it to the s hook on
the bottom side of the fabric
unfold the loose half of the fabric and
as a last step attach the remaining
grommets to the metal frame
please note you must secure your barrel
to its stand or the ground to prevent
tipping
the new 84 inch rain saucer designed
with a thick UV resistant fabric
laminated with a food-safe polyethylene
coating funnels clean water through a
reinforced screen filter adapter all
attached to a durable steel frame with
45 square feet of catchment you can
harvest as much as 27 clean gallons with
each inch of rain a good rainstorm could
easily fill your standard chromatin
you